NVIDIA-918: Add NVIDIA DPF Operator documentation (#117142)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-dpf-release-notes.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/networking_operators/dpf_operator/about-dpf-operator.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="nw-dpf-release-notes_{context}"]

> = Known issues and limitations

Reviewer: This is a strange release note module and I wonder if we are planning on releasing async updates that will come with bug fixes , more KIs, feature updates, etc if it might be better to actually give the Operator its own release note assembly and place this module there.

Reviewer: https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.22/html/specialized_hardware_and_driver_enablement/kmm-release-notes#known-issues-3

[role="_abstract"]

> The following known issues and limitations apply to the NVIDIA DPF Operator on {product-title}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
The NVIDIA DPF Operator on {product-title} has known limitations for uninstall, secrets, MTU, secure boot, multi-DPU hosts, and HBN, unsupported OVN-Kubernetes features, and issues that can affect Grafana and DTS metrics.```
